test: Add integration tests (#226)
keptn-contrib/job-executor-service: docs/Integration Test Guide.md

# Integration test guide

## Running integration tests

> The integration tests can be run in two different ways: locally with `go test` or via a GitHub Workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Integration tests can be run in two different ways: locally with `go test` (from within the `test/e2e` directory) or via triggering the "Integration Tests" GitHub Workflow.
```

### Locally
For running the integration tests locally, you have to clone the repository and install the required Go version.
Additionally, the following environment variables have to be defined: 
* `KEPTN_ENDPOINT` - The API endpoint from Keptn (e.g.: `http://10.201.4.2/api`)
* `KEPTN_API_TOKEN` - The auth token for Keptn
* `JES_E2E_TEST` - Must be set to `true` to enable the integration tests
* `JES_NAMESPACE` - The namespace in which the job-executor-service was installed (e.g.: `keptn-jes`)

After these environment variables have been defined, the test can be run with `go test -v test/e2e/*` or you can
pick specific tests by defining a filter via the `-run` parameter:

```bash
go test -v -run "^\QTestEnvironmentVariables\E$"
```

> *Note: Be aware that running `go test ./...` while `JES_E2E_TEST` is set to `true` will also run the integration tests!*

Reviewer: not sure if we want this behaviour. Is it not possible to do some generic expression using `go test -run`?

Author: If no Keptn Endpoint is specified all test will fail with an error

### GitHub Actions

Depending on the repository, executing the [Integration Tests](https://github.com/keptn-contrib/job-executor-service/actions/workflows/integration-tests.yaml)
GitHub action may require additional setup. On the *keptn-contrib/job-executor-service* repository this action should be able to 
run on any given branch that has at least one successful CI build.

If you forked the repository you have to configure / change the following properties:
* You have to change the `DOCKER_ORGANIZATION` in [.ci_env](../.ci_env) to a docker hub organization / account where
you can push images to
* Create the `REGISTRY_USER` and `REGISTRY_PASSWORD` secrets, which should contain the Docker user and PAT token
* Change the value of `image.repository` in the [helm values](../chart/values.yaml) to reflect the change of the docker organization
* Change the value of `jobexecutorserviceinitcontainer.image.repository` in the [helm values](../chart/values.yaml) to reflect the change of the docker organization

> After these modifications you should be able to run the CI and the Integration tests workflow.

Reviewer: That's a lot of work :D

I think going forward we should use ghcr as the default container registry, and the problem would disappear, right?

Author: If we use ghcr as the default registry for the CI build, it would not be necessary to have a `REGISTRY_USER` and `REGISTRY_PASSWORD`, but the modifications to the `image.repository` is still needed, otherwise helm wouldn't be able to pull the right image for the integration tests.
